# Homework #JSIV

## Instructions
---
1. Feynman Writing Prompts - Write out explanations of the following concepts like you are explaining it to a 12 year old.  Doing this will help you quickly discover any holes in your understanding.  Ask your questions on Slack.

	* Objects
		Answer: Objects are used in Code as another data container, but in a much more expansive way. These group together or categorize a set or sets of variables and functions in order to generate a model. Much like the Array, Objects contain its own defined elements, yet are known as "Properties," the key difference between an Array and Objects, for Arrays are a collection or simply a set. However, an Object is a collective.
	* Properties
		Answer: Properties compose an Object as these describe what the Object models or depicts in the program as a whole. Similar to Variables, these withhold value in the entirety of Code as well.
	* Methods
		Answer: As Methods are comparable to Functions, Methods are contained by an Object which depicts precisely what and how the model generated by the Object would perform, execute, or operate in the Code together with Properties which serve as its bases for its function in the Object as a whole.
	* for in loop
		Answer: The 'for in' loops are intended for Objects as these would not be able to transpire with a standard loop. In this loop, we would still declare a variable followed by 'in' then the name of the Object. This would then list down all of the keys or the variables declared until the last of the variables or the keys has been jot down. 
	* Dot notation vs bracket notation
		Answer: The main difference between Dot Notation and Bracket Notation is the need for either a dot or a bracket in the code. If we intend to use only a dot in order to access a Property's value, we should rely on Dot Notation. However, for the bracketed, the Bracket Notation is used with the knowledge that it is similar to calling an item on an array, but with a string or number or a variable pertaining to a string or a variable.

2. From the top level of your `Precourse` folder, run `npm test L7/Homework/tests/JSIV.test.js` to run the automated tests. You will fill out the functions in `homework.js` to make the tests pass.
